{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28320\viewh12180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
This folder contains data and scripts to reproduce the analysis in Wiser et al. 2025. Factors Influencing Recent Trends in Retail Electricity Prices in the United States. 
\f1\i The Electricity Journal
\f0\i0 . Some of the underlying data are proprietary and cannot be shared in a disaggregated form. The primary input file is inputs.csv in the Data folder, which contains aggregated data compiled from the sources described in the article. The packages includes four sets of scripts:\
1) A script to convert the raw inputs into the format required to run the regressions described in the article\
2) A script to run regressions for the core results\
3) A script to run various multicollinearity test\
4) A set of three scripts to run robustness checks described in the article\
\
Note that some 2024 data are based on preliminary U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates that were available at the time of the study. The 2024 data included in this package may vary slightly from finalized data that were released after the publication of this paper.\
\
Please direct any questions related to the paper to the corresponding author Ryan Wiser at rhwiser@lbl.gov. If you notice any issues with the scripts or data inputs please contact Eric O\'92Shaughnessy at eoshaughnessy@lbl.gov.}